HTTP1.1:
    1.HTTP(Hybertext Transfer Protocal)It was developed in 1997.Whenever a client creates a request
       and send a TCP(Transmission Control protocol)connection created between client and server.

    2. HOL(head of line blocking)if a request at the queue head cannot retrieve its required resources
      it can block all requests behind it.

    3. For example: Index.html, JS, and CSS file. First requests will be created for Index.html TCP
                  connection gets blocked till the response is received. Once it receives the response and 
                  sends another request for the JS file. It will receive a response and send another request for a CSS file.
                  It will receive a response. 

    4.Http1.1 sends messages as plain text to encode and transmit data. Most of the time a client's initial response
     in return for an HTTP GET request is not the fully loaded page.
      
    5. Fetching additional resources from the server requires that the client send repeated request
      breaks or form the TCP connection repeatedly for them. This process will consume a lot of time.
    
    6. It compresses data by itself so you can't compress data.

Http2:
    1. It was developed in 2015.Http2 the blocking time reduced. It is achieved by using the same TCP connection efficiently
      for all the requests with the help of multiplexing.

    2. It allows multiplexing so multiple requests and responses can be sent over a single connection.

    3.Http2 also allows us to compress the HTTP headers using its compression format called HPack push is one of the
      important features.

    4. It works on the binary protocol as a series of binary codes encode and transmit data rather than plain text.
      SRP2(Secure Remote Protocol 2)establishes a secure connection between a client and a server. 

    5.Http2 is designed to be more efficient and performant than http1.1.This is because Http2 includes several 
      features like multiplexing, binary, protocol, and header compression.

    6. Now Http2 has its support in all major browsers.             
      

         